READ_ME
Allyson Goodman, Sean Naegle, Tyler Shelton, James Holland, Zachariah Falgout

We have created a game called Starvation Evasion. It is a card based game where
the goal of the game is to keep the world from having a massive famine.
How the player is supposed to keep the world from having a famine is they
initiate policies as a politician, which affect other players and the rest of the world.

The game is designed to be played with 7 players. Each player will be in control
of a region. The 7 regions are California, Pacific Northwest & Mountain States,
Northern Plains States, Southern Plains & Delta States, Heartland States,
Southeastern States, and The Northern Crescent States. Each region will have it's
have a deck of cards *associated* with it. The decks will contain both generic
policy cards as well as policy cards that are specfic to a region.

How the game is played is a player chooses if he wants to play single player,
host a mutiplayer game, or join a multiplayer game. From there, he must choose
a region to be a senator for in the United States. The game will then begin
after all the players have chosen the region that they want to control.

For each turn a player has 5 minutes to choose the policies that they want to draft
for all the players to vote on. They have another 3 minutes to vote to then vote
on all of the policies that players have drafted. Each turn will take roughly 8
minutes. The game is played from 1980 to 2050, and each turn will be 3 years.
there will be roughly 24 turns, so the maximum time for a full game will be about
3 hours. This is unlikely though because players will be able to end turns early.

For the drafting phase in the game a player is then handed cards till he has a
full hand of 7 "policy cards" where he will be able to draft 2 them to be voted
on by all of the players, discard 3 of them, or do nothing. The player can also
do combinations of these types of plays with the cards.

During the voting phase a player a player is allowed to vote on the policies
that other players have created. A player can choose to abstain from a vote (not
vote), push the policy (vote for a policy), or vote against a policy.

Depending on what cards are played and passed for polices will determine how
farmers of a particular region will plant their crops in the players regions.
The player does not have direct control of how the the crops are planted, but
can influence it by the cards that he chooses to draft. Each region will
distribute food throughout their region, other regions in the United States,
and the rest of the world.

If the players are able to make it to 2050 without there being a mass famine
anywhere in the world, they will then compare which region has the most wealth.
The region with the most wealth will be the first pace winner, second most wealth
will be second place, and so on. It is a good idea to work with other players in
order to assure that everybody does not lose, but at the end of the game you will
have wanted to be better than the other players as well.